This thesis work has utilized **KITTI** Benchmark and **ELTECar** datasets. Those can be found from https://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/eval_odometry.php and https://www.hackademix.hu/timeline-of-the-contest/

**KITTI** Benchmark has plenty of samples and implementaions. Those can be find in the tables of above mentioned site for KITTI. 
On the other hand, ELTECar dataset is set of images, GPS coordinates and Lidar points taken by vehicle mounted cameras used in Eötvös Loránd University, Faculty of Informatics.


Generally, All the ELTECar data has same format and two different routes(for now). However, Following explains data structure and ground truth generation steps on specific dataset captured on 2023.10.06, in case of explanation more clear.

ELTECar Second Route 4th testing dataset - https://ikelte-my.sharepoint.com/personal/kovbando_inf_elte_hu/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fkovbando%5Finf%5Felte%5Fhu%2FDocuments%2Fosszerendelt%5Fnyers%5Fadatok%2F20231006&ga=1 - 22.1GB - referencing dataset as 20231006 due to it extracted into same named folder
The dataset contains following (see also 20231006/info.txt):
	-	All image files - 20231006_ELTEkorV2_pictures.rar
	-	Raw lidar data - 20231006_ELTEkorV2_polars.rar
	-	Lidar scans in ‘xyz’ text format - 20231006_ELTEkorV2_cartesians.rar
	-	Route video - 20231006_ELTEkorV2.mp4
	-	Trajectory based on GPS sensor - 20231006_ELTEkorV2.kml
	-	GPS coordinates - 20231006_ELTEkorV2.csv

Now, we need to prepare ground truth trajectory points from GPS. To do so, the steps are following in ELTECar Second Route 4th testing dataset:
	1. Extract ground truth source code - https://ikelte-my.sharepoint.com/personal/hajder_inf_elte_hu/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fhajder%5Finf%5Felte%5Fhu%2FDocuments%2FBosch%2FBoschVerseny%20V3%2Fvisualize%5Fgroundtruth%5Fgps%5Fvectors%2Ezip&parent=%2Fpersonal%2Fhajder%5Finf%5Felte%5Fhu%2FDocuments%2FBosch%2FBoschVerseny%20V3&ga=1
	2. As mentioned in the readme.txt, Create new folder named “images” and copy DEV0 images (20231006/20231006_ELTEkorV2_pictures/DEV0/Dev0_Image_w1920_h1200_fn*.jpg - in case of 4th second route testing data)
	3. Open command prompt in the folder and run “python ProcessGPSData.py 20231006/20231006_ELTEkorV2.csv” including the argument direction to .csv file of the dataset 
	4. Above command (in step 3) generates 2 files and figure:
		1. CorrectedGPSData.csv - GPS filtered data
		2. pts2D.mat - vehicle 2D virtual trajectory
		3. Figure displays 2D trajectory - can be saved for future reference of the figure 
	5. An addition, velocity ground truth is able to be generated by running “python DrawSpeed.py 20231006/20231006_ELTEkorV2.csv video_with_speed.avi”. 

Then, to make simple to read images, ELTECar dataset has renamed to numerical ordering same as KITTI images.  
